docs(mongodb): clarify mongo_ function scope (#3374)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/data-integration/data-bridge-mongodb.md

   - Auto-derivation of the data type of "value" is not supported:
     - Characters need to be wrapped with `"`, otherwise, an error will be reported;
     - Values do not need to be wrapped, otherwise, they will be recognized as characters;

>      - For timestamp, date, and time types, if no special treatment is performed, they will be recognized as numeric or character types. To store them as date or time, use the `mongo_date` function in the rule SQL to process the fields. For details, see [Time and date functions](./rule-sql-builtin-functions.md#time-and-date-functions). (Note: Return values of `mongo_`-prefixed functions are only for MongoDB actions and cannot be used in other actions.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - For timestamp, date, and time types, if no special handling is applied, they will be treated as numeric or character types. To store them as date or time, use the [MongoDB Time Functions](./rule-sql-builtin-functions.md#mongodb-time-functions) in the rule SQL. (Note: The return values of these functions are only valid for MongoDB actions and cannot be used in other actions.)
```
